An Jinyan has been investigating
The car accident that happened in Misty Rain Town 22 years ago
He most likely announced
The sister who talked about it as a child
This An Jinyan and You Mingxuan's identity
It's amazing
Even if Yue Lao used a wire rope to lead them
I must also break them up
Here is the lady's seat
It must be my Liu Xi
It's you again
Hurry up and go, you're not going, are you?
I'm leaving
Hey
Tell me what the hell do you want?
Do you remember
The little brother you met in Misty Rain Town 22 years ago?
His parents were killed in a car accident.
I lost my parents as a result
How do you know?
I was my little brother 22 years ago
I've been looking for you for so many years
This is my diary
It's really you?
Yao Mingxuan, what do you want?
It should be you who should explain
Why did he come to you? You misunderstood.
We have known each other for a long time
He looked for me for a long time
I don't want to hear about your past
Do not have any contact with Dongfang Rui in the future